Document Stage tagging (#649)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/02 Using k6/14 Scenarios/01 Executors/06 ramping-arrival-rate.md

* The script waits for a period of time (defined by the `gracefulStop` option) for iterations to finish. It won't start new iterations during the `gracefulStop` period.
* The script will run the `teardown()` function (if specified) before exiting.
* Our example performed, 4020 iterations over the course of the test.

## Get the stage index

> It is possible to get the current running stage index using the `getCurrentStageIndex` helper function from the [k6-jslib-utils](/javascript-api/jslib/utils) library. It returns a zero based number equal to the position in the shortcut `stages` array or in the executor's `stages` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to get the current running stage index using the `getCurrentStageIndex` helper function from the [k6-jslib-utils](/javascript-api/jslib/utils) library. It returns a zero-based number equal to the position in the shortcut `stages` array or in the executor's `stages` array.
```

```javascript
import { getCurrentStageIndex } from 'https://jslib.k6.io/k6-utils/1.3.0/index.js'

export const options = {
    stages: [
        {target: 10, duration: '30s'},
        {target: 50, duration: '1m'},
        {target: 10, duration: '30s'}
    ]
} 

export default function() {
    if (getCurrentStageIndex() === 1) {
        console.log('Running the second stage where the expected target is 50')
    }
}
```

> Using this feature is possible to automatically tagging with the current running stage. Check the [Tagging stages](/using-k6/tags-and-groups/#tagging-stages) section for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this feature, it is possible to automatically tag using the current running stage. Check the [Tagging stages](/using-k6/tags-and-groups/#tagging-stages) section for more details.
```
